[LOGO MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Dr. Robert Wood,
retired aerospace engineer who
has worked on everything from
ballistic missile defense
to the Space Station.
More recently, Bob is the
editor of a new book on William
Tompkins called "Selected
By Extraterrestrials,
Volume 2, My Life in The
Top Secret World of UFOs,
Think Tanks, and
Nordic Secretaries."
Bob, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you.
>> Well, this latest book about
William Tompkins was taken
directly from his own words left
on his computer after he passed
away in August of 2017.
Some of this information
he has shared previously
in the public.
But much of it is new.
Tell us about some of his
outstanding experiences
that you came across.
>> Well, there are three things
in the new book that I think
are quite significant.
The first is there's a lot
more detail on the interviews
that he was involved with
Admiral Rico Botta, where
they were interviewing
29 Navy spies who
had been in Nazi Germany.
And the new book basically
goes into those in some detail.
So it's really convincing.
You get a feeling
that you're there.
The second thing that impressed
me was the details that he
was able to add about
his time at the Douglas
think tank, which is where
I worked at the same time
with the same people.
In fact, his main guy, his
main boss in the Douglas
think tank was my boss years
before when he hired me.
And so I think
that's significant.
One of the people in that think
tank who was running the show
was Bobby Ray Inman, who is now
an admiral, when he was just
a kid.
And I think that's
interesting, too.
And finally, the first
book only went up to 1970,
when he started to work at TRW.
And at TRW, he was involved in
some deeply classified programs
all over the map, which he never
discussed in his first book
at all.
We're talking about remote
viewing, for example,
and underground tunnels
and caverns and all sorts
of exciting stuff.
>> For the audience, Bob,
tell them what TRW stands for.
>> Thompson Ramo Wooldridge is
the name of the three people
who founded the company
which became TRW.
Then I believe it
became Aerospace.
And then it got sold again.
What he did at TRW
was so important.
It's because TRW had no limits
on what they could investigate.
And so they investigated
how to find out
to make cars that don't
have to run on gasoline,
and how remote viewing
really works, and is there
anything to psychic phenomena,
and all sorts of things
like that.
>> Why would an aerospace
company be interested
in psychic phenomenon
and remote viewing?
>> Well, according to what
Bill Tompkins told me,
they were really funded
by the Detroit businesses.
And so they were
oriented towards gas.
>> And the Detroit
businesses meaning--
>> Meaning yeah, the oil
companies and the car
companies.
These were the ones
that were funding TRW.
And in fact, one of his stories,
which is included in detail,
is the story of how
they hired the guy
by the name of Joe Papp
who claimed that he could
make cars just run on water.
And in fact, they developed
a program to do that.
And they got a car
that just ran on water.
They got an engine that just ran
on water and demonstrated it.
But unfortunately, it blew up.
And then after that
happened, all the funding
was totally canceled.
>> Just from that one accident?
>> And Bill Tompkins was
actually the project manager
of this project.
>> So where did they
all go from there?
>> They were told by the oil
companies to not try to pursue
other techniques
for transportation.
>> Were they threatening them?
>> He never discussed
the processes they used.
But it was pretty clear
that's what happened.
>> So Bob, why were they
interested in remote viewing?
>> Well, Bill made it very
clear that TRW's scientists were
encouraged to be interested
in any unanswered questions.
They asked questions, well, how
were the pyramids really built.
Then actually tried
to build a pyramid
with the technology of the day.
And so anybody had a
question about anything,
that was a guaranteed thing
you wanted to explore,
especially if it was
potentially important.
Like, nobody understood
how remote viewing worked
or whether it worked,
as an example.
They also didn't understand
UFOs and why they were real
or whether they were real
and how did they work.
So they did that, too.
There was a group
of scientists who
were given a green light to
study anything that occurred
to their minds as interesting.
>> Well, tell me
about the book title.
It's called "Selected
By Extraterrestrials."
>> Yes.
>> Why did he come up with that?
Why did you come up with that?
>> Well, it turns out that there
were really a couple of reasons
why he picked that title.
The first was when
he was looking
for a title for his first
book he was talking to a girl
that he knew casually, I
think one of his editors.
They were talking about
what to title the book.
And she said, well,
in the first place,
girls read more books than guys.
And so you ought
to pick something
that has some sort of
appeal, that's relationships.
And the other reason
that he picked the title
is because he
personally believed
that he was, in fact,
selected by a Nordic group
during the battle
of LA in 1942 when
he was illuminated
by a bright light
and selected as their man
to represent their goals
for the near future.
>> We have some interviews
done with William Tompkins.
This one is a brief clip
about Bill's early involvement
in secret programs.
Let's have a look.
>> So I went to work,
then, at Douglas.
And I'm a draftsman
for two weeks.
And my chief, section chief,
started through my background.
And of course, it
says all of this stuff
that I had done in the Navy.
So he puts me in
this think tank.
And that's where we get
to the first think tank.
>> OK.
>> It's inside of Douglas
in a walled off area.
And there's 200 guys in it.
And we investigate every aspect
of extraterrestrial, military,
commercial, whatever.
And I was assigned to
design for the Navy
about 16, 18 different classes
of US Navy battle group ships,
which didn't exist.
And the larger ones were from
1 kilometer to 6 kilometer.
These ships fly in space.
They're space craft carriers.
I designed US Navy
spacecraft carriers,
which finally got built back
in the late '70s, up in Utah,
underneath the ground.
And you've seen the pictures
of US Navy spaceships, Solar
Warden.
So Solar Warden came out
of a think tank inside
of engineering at Douglas.
And a whole lot of
other stuff came out.
>> So Bob, tell us more about
what Bill shares from these
think tank sessions of US
Navy spaceships from his book.
>> Well, I think the clip that
we just saw is particularly
important.
Because the two
drawings that were shown
there were in his
own handwriting
with his own initials in it.
And I have a copy of the
original that shows that.
So I think that was
very significant.
He claimed that the first
satellite that we ever put up
was actually a Navy submarine.
You know, submarines
are sealed, so you don't
have to do anything special.
They had taken out
the nuclear engine
and put in the
anti-gravity engine.
And it took off from Newport
News and went to orbit.
Now I'd never seen that
in writing anywhere else.
And I don't think
I've heard him say it,
the interviews that I've seen.
So that would be new information
that came from my conversation
with him.
>> Right, anti-gravitic
propulsion units.
>> Right.
>> Understood.
>> Well, the Germans had a very
developed space program, like,
beyond anything we seem
to have at that time.
And according to
William Tompkins,
how did they just become
so advanced so fast?
>> The reputations the Germans
had for having a high quality
UFO actually is a
little complicated.
Because what would
happen to begin with
was that Maria Orsic
had a relationship that
resulted in her
receiving psychically
the designs and drawings.
And so there were a group
of people in Germany
who wanted to build these
craft on those drawings
and leave the planet.
In the mid-30s, Bill tells
me that the reptilians, who
had underground
bases in Antarctica,
made a deal with the Germans
who were exploring Antarctica
at that time to help
conquer the world.
And they had also the same kind
of craft, anti-gravity craft.
So the Germans were working
two programs at the same time.
They were working one that
was related to the drawings
that they had received help
from from the reptilians.
And they were also working
on Maria Orsic's development.
And the Nazis SS let them do
those things at the same time
because there was
some synergism there.
>> And tell the audience
about Maria Orsic.
>> Well, Maria Orsic is one
of half a dozen girls who,
in the early '20s, I think,
had wanted to leave the Earth.
And she was sufficiently
psychic that she
was able to communicate
with a race that
was on a planet around
the star Aldebaran.
And the story is that they gave
her the drawings psychically.
And she was able to work with a
university professor in Germany
to take those drawings
and create a craft.
And so the first
anti-gravity craft
really took off sometime
in, maybe, 1922.
>> Did we learn anything about
the species that Maria Orsic
was involved with and were they
helping the Nazis build these
craft?
>> Bill did not tell me anything
about the species on the planet
around Aldebaran that
gave her the designs.
I don't know what kind of
race they might have been.
So it would be a guess.
All we know is that she got
these drawings psychically.
And they built them.
And they worked.
That's what he told me.
>> Well, let's have a look
at this video with William
Tompkins about Germans in space.
>> It's '42, 1942.
The war's on.
Rico Botta, his hobby is
sending these Navy operatives
into Germany.
They've been going
all over Germany.
And they're staggered
at what they've found.
They've found that
Hitler and the SS
made an agreement with
reptilian extraterrestrials.
They found hundreds of different
types of advanced weapons being
built.
These included 60
foot and 250 foot,
500 foot UFOs,
round vehicles, OK?
UFOs.
They built some of these
out of Chromoly steel.
It would weigh tons
and tons and tons.
They had developed,
or they had been
given, electromagnetic
anti-gravitational propulsion
by the reptilians.
The agreement
turned out that they
were to develop a parallel space
navy that the reptilians had
and operate out through the
galaxy with the reptilians
taking over planets and slaving
the people on the planets.
But what they had
already accomplished
was really strange.
They have all these
UFOs, different types
of propulsion that
were unbelievable,
laser weapon systems,
unbelievable stuff.
All over the country, Germany
and the occupied areas,
they had massive underground
production facilities
that they were using that they
had developed for regular arms
waste, like tanks and
places to build navy ships
and all this kind of stuff.
Most of it was underground.
So they started expanding
those facilities.
And they put 11 of these UFO
shape vehicles in production.
So the operatives are
trying to explain to us,
and the admiral would back
off and say, slow down.
I don't believe you.
And that went on.
And then the captains
would say the same thing.
The operatives were nice guys.
And they knew they were going to
get the questions when they got
back into the Admiral's office.
And they knew that
nobody was going
to believe what they said.
So fortunately, the Admiral
had a typist in there.
And the Admiral's
aide was not in there,
he wasn't even cleared
to be in there.
And one or two of the captains,
the admiral, and myself, and we
were the only people
that this information
was given to by the operatives.
I want to step sort
of back to my job
in the Navy there working
for Admiral Rico Botta.
We talked about my mission--
not my job, my mission.
It's documented.
OK?
It's written by the Secretary
of Navy Forrestal who
became the number one
guy in the military.
Then he, like
several other people,
including our
president at that time,
were talking to a
lot of other people.
And so he was supposed to
have had a mental breakdown.
So they took him to
the hospital there
in Washington at the top floor
and pushed him out the window.
And so that's the guy that
wrote Admiral Rico Botta's
mission, which has been--
my mission came from his.
That was the level of this
information in the United
States.
Now no other country
but Germany knew
about the extraterrestrials.
Nobody did.
Now as they start to unveil
a reality of what Germany
was doing, it was, like, the
war is going to be over, period.
They're going to take
the whole planet.
And they could do
it in five minutes.
They even had trained
a group of soldiers,
en entire battalion of
them who were cloned.
They had cloned a whole
battle group of soldiers.
They sent him out front and
they were killing the Russians
unbelievably.
So it's not just the material.
But-- and advance medical
systems, longer lives, the size
and the magnitude of
what was taking place
was unbelievable
to everybody that
got involved in the program.
The SS found out that
people could live longer.
So there was another
big massive program
given in pieces brought back by
the Navy operatives, plopped it
on the table in front
of Admiral Rico Botta.
And of course, that ended
up with about 24 packages
because of the different
magnitudes of living longer.
And I guess if you ask the
question for the Nordics,
their comparable life spans
are 1,400 to 2,200 years.
But they look exactly like us.
There is a study
that we did later
on at TRW on advanced life
systems, yes, extended life.
And that program is down now
to within less than two years.
It's going to be available to
some people on this planet.
The way it works--
I'm very involved with it--
essentially, you take four
aspirin over six months,
pop them.
Or you get four shots.
And you immediately change.
Everything is nicer.
OK?
What you do is you revert
back to the girls, 21,
and the guys, 29.
Now it takes a while
for you to do this.
You then stay at that
time for, essentially,
a couple of thousand years.
Your brain, then, which
collectively we're
only using 2.2% of
our brain, I don't
care what they're telling us.
We're only using 2.2 percent.
You get a minimum
of 400% capability
over what you normally had.
And now what this does is
this allows you to contribute,
allows you to contribute.
You go to work for
the company here,
20 years they give
you the watch,
and you've got a couple,
three years later on.
And you're out of the picture.
OK?
So you didn't
contribute very long.
All right?
Now you're living 2,000 years.
And you can contribute,
and you also
can have fun for 2,000 years.
And you don't change age.
You stay there.
Five of the top medical
research groups,
just like Scripps right
here in San Diego,
are involved in this.
And there's hundreds of
companies involved in this.
There's a whole
lot out there that
is being removed from
our part of our life.
And that we are in
this position where
everything that we've
been taught, whether it's
in the university or in medical
or in any technical field, even
mathematics, is baloney.
Yet, because we have
allowed reptilians
to put the stuff in our minds,
it removes our capability
to operate, learn our
entire history, all the way
back thousands of years,
has been being controlled.
We now know this.
This is not something that
we think could happen.
We now know this.
So if you look at countries.
You look at the Roman times.
And you see, if you take in
parallel these events back
with that, the Romans were
being mind-controlled.
They had the elite group.
And then they had
all of the army.
And then they had the slaves.
And that's where we are now.
We're just finding
out about this.
And we need to fix it.
>> Did Bill share anything
that you can comment on about
the life extension that
was just mentioned?
You know, taking these
pills, getting inoculations?
>> Well, as I got to know
Bill pretty well over the 10
or so years before
the book came out,
I began to ask him really
personal questions.
And I said, you know, Bill,
you're talking about this.
You're getting old.
Like, he was 92 at the time
or something like that.
I said, are you
taking pills or not?
And he said, no, I'm not.
I think for the most part,
when he and I were talking
and I looked him in the eye, he
would tell me the real truth.
>> Sure.
I mean even through my
experience in the projects,
we definitely were experimenting
with longevity and also
deep space travel and keeping
the body at a certain age.
Not so much, you
know, taking it back,
but at least keeping the
person from aging any longer.
I mean, he's mentioning,
also, clones.
I mean, that is something
I'm very familiar with.
And I definitely
believe in that.
What's your thoughts on that?
>> Well, I thought that
the video we just saw,
where he mentioned that
the Germans actually had--
the Italians had cloned guys,
that was a new thought for me,
that the Germans might have
been that good that early.
They had so much help.
And they were so smart.
And I believe that's possible.
I don't think there's
any evidence for it.
I mean, I don't
have any evidence.
but the one thing I did learn--
this is kind of an aside.
But the one thing that
I learned as a result
of meeting Bill and
understanding his story
is there's almost nothing
that can't be kept secret
effectively by the
government and by people
who want it kept secret.
There are no limits
on the ability
of people to keep secrets.
I mean, most of the
people in the world today
do not believe that there is
an underground tunnel system
and cavern system for sending
people here and there covertly.
And most people do not
believe or have ever heard
of a secret space
program that has
multiple different craft with
multiple different visitors
from various places.
So those things have
been kept secret
from the public, in fact,
very, very effectively.
I had a top secret clearance.
And I met a lot of
people who thought
they knew at all when they had
the right level of clearance.
But it turns out they didn't.
There's no level
of clearance you
could have that gives you access
to the things that are really
kept secret.
>> Right.
Are you saying eventually
the truth always comes out
with these projects?
Or are you saying
that we'll never know?
>> I think there is no plan at
the present time for the secret
to be revealed.
Because for the
most part, there is
no one person who knows
the secret, especially
the president.
You know, little
bits and pieces.
>> I think that's a
good way to put it,
no one person knows everything.
Because it's so
compartmentalized.
>> Right.
Exactly.
>> And there's also
disinformation sometimes thrown
into it--
>> Right.
>> --to discombobulate these
people with high clearance.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, William writes about
having worked with the Nordics.
I mean, how did that come about?
And in what fashion
did he work with them?
>> Well, Bill emphasized that
he had some secretaries who he
later found and concluded they
were Nordic secretaries who
were so important to him because
he realized that they were
actually helping him
be the person he was.
Bill was not a modest guy.
And he made a lot of claims
of having the right idea
at the right time.
In fact, he quotes his
bosses as saying, Bill,
you're always
right on top of it.
But in the book, he
admits that really most
of the really good
ideas that he got
came from his secretaries
who were Nordic
and gave him the
right information.
>> Bob, if the Nordics
are so brilliant--
they know telepathy, they
know a lot more than we do--
why were they put in
place as his secretaries?
>> Well, I think the simplest,
most straightforward answer
to that is you'd have
to ask the Nordics.
But they decided
that this was a way
to have a non-obvious
influence on the process,
as opposed to having a higher
level situation where it would
have been evident
to lots of people
that the Nordics were
somehow controlling things.
I think they wanted to
stay in the background.
The impression I
got from Bill was
that the Nordics wanted
the Apollo program
to be successful.
And they wanted to help
him make it successful.
And he gives a lot
of details as to how
he helped them make it
successful with the help
of the Nordics.
>> Yeah, I think it's
really strategic, too.
Because it blends in.
You know, they blend
in with his team.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's have a look at
this video with Maria Orsic
and the UFOs.
>> OK.
>> So we had a
young girl, Nordic,
just outside of Germany.
Some people talked to her.
And they said you are now
involved in a new program.
And you're going to have
great support in this program.
She had developed--
I think she had eight girls.
They were continually
talked to telepathically
to go and design spaceships.
The little blonde
actually built them.
And eventually, two of those
got over here in Area 51.
But Germany found
out about the blonde.
Took her over,
stopped everything.
And then, got to
this point where
there was some sort of
pressurized program by the SS
to control that original group.
Now several times they
did work together.
But Hitler allowed them
to operate independently
of the whole SS program,
a whole development.
So we had two developments
going on in Germany.
The girls didn't
want their vehicles
to be used for anything
else but travel.
They were afraid that somebody
would get a hold of it
and they'd use it for military.
Which is, of course,
what they got.
But the girls finally
ended up in Antarctica
in the large facilities.
In fact, the reptilians
had three massive caverns.
They let Germany
use two small ones.
But when you're
talking about small,
it's, like, as
big as California.
And so there's cities in both
the extraterrestrial caverns,
and manufacturing
everything that you
would need on a planet.
So then Hitler's group
did the same thing.
Four years before
the war was over,
it was decided that the
war could possibly be lost.
But if we win it, we still
need to get out of the area.
Because the Allies are going
to bomb us off of the Earth
and there won't be
anything here left for us.
So they decided to move
everything to Antarctica.
And we'll burn-- they're
going to go down there,
and they were going to take out
the whole thing in one week.
The top people in
every area of the Navy,
best aircraft, best of ships,
best weapons, everything.
And five weeks later, things
didn't look very good.
When we got down
there, they had decided
they were going to have one
thrust from the west side
of Antarctica and then
the opposite side coming
into both them towards the
center of the continent.
And so before we even
got all the guys around,
and I'm talking about
these four engine
flying boats and ships,
battleships and destroyers
and submarines, and you name
it, before they got there,
these fairly large-- they were
a hundred foot diameter saucers,
came up out of the ocean
and took down everything.
Now there's a misnomer
on some documentations
about the pictures, photographs
of some of the German UFOs.
Many of the closeups give
you a little clearer picture
of the cross on them.
What was partially incorrect
and, in that information
that's been released, was
that not all of the vehicles
came up out from the German
side to take out ours,
but from the large caverns
adjacent to them, unmarked UFOs
and unmarked cigars came up.
Which then, it was
a joint venture
by the extraterrestrials
that lived there, operated
from there, and built
the vehicles that
went to the moon and Mars
and all these other places.
But we lost that war.
>> Wow.
That was very impressive.
I mean, I've heard about
this story over and over.
We know that Admiral Byrd
did return with his fleet.
But how much damage
was actually caused?
>> Well, my impression was that
they lost a substantial amount,
like 20%, 30%,
somewhere in there.
They had an aircraft carrier,
I think, that was not sunk.
But they lost several ships.
It was a disaster from the
point of view of a Naval battle.
After this battle, he
talked about being attacked.
Well, he talked about being
able to fly from one pole
to the other.
And that was kind
of the only hint
he gave that there might
have been advanced technology
involved in this battle.
>> Now do you still
believe they're there?
Does he talk about that at all?
Because we know
Germany still exists.
But with the
underground facilities
there, are they still continuing
to work with the reptilian race
down there?
Well, Bill's position
before he died
was that, yeah, the Nazis and
reptilians have a relationship
that's in harmony.
And that that
relationship is in harmony
with a lot of corporations
in this country who
are getting money from the
government and all sorts
of sources that they're
building secret space craft.
Some of those are being used
for evil purposes like slavery
and mining other planets.
And others of them are
being used, for example,
like the navy solar warden
program to kind of protect us
from inappropriate attacks
by other alien races.
So there is a multitude
of goals and a multitude
of responses and
capabilities that we have,
all of which are secret.
Which is, as I said
earlier, is one
of the things that has impressed
me so much in meeting Bill,
is there's nothing that can't
be kept secret from the public.
>> Well, Bob.
Thanks for being
here and sharing
all these amazing stories.
I really appreciate it.
>> My pleasure.
>> I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]